hello everybody so today
marks the return of the study with me
videos because i'm taking my first
study day today i am putting away my
keyboard today
cracking out the paper and
my folders my notes
my pens and highlighters i'm way more
excited than i should be about studying
but i honestly feel like
i'm becoming a student again i'm
returning to my uni days i've got up a
bit later than usual
i took the opportunity to have a lion
this morning just because
no one's waiting for me i can study
whatever time i like
today so it is 20 to 11
and we're just getting started but
that's fine on the agenda
today is random variables discrete
distributions
continuous distributions simulation and
generating functions
and i need to cover all of those today
because i have a tutorial
next week that is going to be on those
topics
and a tutorial is basically an online
lesson thing i haven't had one before
it's going to be my first one
but i need to have read the course notes
before and had to go a few practice
questions
so yeah i'm just going to get stuck in
i'll keep you guys posted on how i get
on
okay so i've now read through the course
notes on discrete distributions and
continuous distributions a lot of which
was familiar to me
already just from a level stats and
stuff i've done at uni as well so i'm
feeling okay about it i haven't done any
practice questions yet so that's what i
want to do
next but before i do that i need to
purchase
some tables because there's basically a
booklet with loads of formulae in
loads of probability tables in people
had mentioned it to me
but i hadn't remembered that i needed to
order it until now
okay so my laptop's run out of charge so
while we wait for this to
boot up i'm just about to call my sister
because
she had a statistics test this morning
at uni
and i've basically been helping her out
a bit with her stats because
she didn't do a level maths so it's been
quite a steep learning curve for her
i have found though that helping my
sister out with her statistics has
really helped me refresh my stats
knowledge because
so much of it is relevant to what i'm
now studying and a lot of it i hadn't
looked at
since a level when i was 18. but anyway
i'm about to ring her
to get the lowdown on how her test went
hello how'd it go
it was okay so you can write probability
of
bond b given underweight multiplied by
probability underweight equals
probability of underweight
given from b multiplied by probability
farm b
well done sis i'm sure you did your best
effort
okay so i've just ordered the tables
they were 15 pounds but then there was a
10 pound delivery charge
10 pounds for delivery so 25 pounds in
total
and i have also got a pdf version up on
my laptop
which i can access because i'm a member
of the ifoa
so i'm going to get started on questions
[Music]
we're walking the dog okay so
i've had my lunch i've taken the dog for
a walk
i am back to these questions and i'm
feeling quite good about them
the comments the questions i did before
lunchtime were all going
quite well it's actually so refreshing
to have some questions
that i can do and not get stumped on
because
at uni the questions were just
impossible although
obviously i'm aware i need to push
myself and
if i am breezing through these questions
that's just a sign that i need to
move through the chapter more quickly
and get onto the more advanced stuff and
push myself
there you know these exams are by no
means easy
the only reason the stuff is quite basic
at the moment is because it's
the very start of the very first module
i'm going to carry on with these
questions this afternoon there is
some more of the notes that i need to
read through
particularly on generating functions
also for the moment i've been skipping
over the parts that talk about
coding and art because i'm going to
look at those on a separate day i think
when i try and familiarize myself with
r anyway i'm gonna get back to it
[Music]
it's gone dark outside all of a sudden
it does it every day
i swear it's daylight then all of a
sudden it's dark i
i don't even notice the sun going down
until i'm like oh wait i'm sitting in
darkness
better turn a light on nothing much more
to say other than
i'm stopping doing questions and going
back to
reading through course notes and then
i'll do some more practice questions
after that
[Music]
okay everybody so i think i'm finished
for the day
i have read through all of the notes i
needed to get through before my tutorial
so it's
good news i've covered random variables
discrete distribution continuous
distributions
monte carlo simulations generating
functions
to be fair i probably could do with
doing a few more practice questions
but i might do those this evening i
might do those another day
at the end of the day i've done enough
prep work for the tutorial that i've got
on tuesday
i will let you know how the tutorial
goes i've just realized i didn't mention
at the start of this video
that today i've been studying for cs1
which is the actuarial statistics module
it's the first module that i've decided
to take
in the next exam sitting in april give
the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and you
want to see more study content
subscribe to my channel follow my
instagram
that's it yeah see you guys later bye
you